Progress.md, before:

## **Completed**

-   [x] Not Authenticated
    -   [x] Send Feedback
    -   [x] Show User Profiles
    -   [x] Show Pet Profiles
    -   [x] Recognize Animal Breed
-   [-] User Side:
    -   [x] User Profile: Sign up, Login, My Profile, Update, Delete Profile
    -   [x] Pet Profile: Create Profile, View All Profile Created by User, View Profile, Update a Profile, Delete Profile
    -   [x] Applications: Send Application, Check Application Status, Withdraw an Application, Check Received Application, Review and Approve/Reject Application
    -   [ ] Recommend Pet based on Questions
-   [x] Admin Side:
    -   [x] Users: List All, Check & Update User Details, Delete User
    -   [x] Pets: Show All Pet Profiles, Check Pet Profile Details, Update Pet Profile Details, Delete a Pet Profile
    -   [x] Animals: Show All Animals Profiles, Check Animal Profile Details, Update Animal Profile Details, Delete a Animal Profile
    -   [ ] Applications
        -   [ ] Show All Applications
        -   [ ] Show Approved Applications
        -   [ ] Show Pending Applications
        -   [ ] Show Rejected Applications
        -   [ ] Show Specific Application
        -   [ ] Update Application Status
        -   [ ] Check Application Score
    -   [ ] Adoption
    -   [x] Messages: List All, Display & Delete Message
-   [x] Backend
    -   [x] Get Address from GeoLocation
    -   [x] Find Pet Profiles Nearby
    -   [x] Analyzing Sentiment Value of Application
    -   [x] Auto Application Validation
    -   [x] Uploading Image for Recognition
    -   [x] Get Breed name from Image

## **TODO**

-   [ ] Improve Views for Application Pages
-   [ ] Find page not loading for first click when user is not logged in

## **Bugs**

-   User Avatar updating is not working on Admin-side.
-   Find Page isn't loading if not logged in.
-   `ErrorCaptureStackTrace` for Approving, Rejecting and Deleting (with owner's side) Application from adopter's side.

Commit message:

Fixed Userside Application Deletion Crash

Progress.md, after:

## **Completed**

-   [x] Not Authenticated
    -   [x] Send Feedback
    -   [x] Show User Profiles
    -   [x] Show Pet Profiles
    -   [x] Recognize Animal Breed
-   [-] User Side:
    -   [x] User Profile: Sign up, Login, My Profile, Update, Delete Profile
    -   [x] Pet Profile: Create Profile, View All Profile Created by User, View Profile, Update a Profile, Delete Profile
    -   [x] Applications: Send Application, Check Application Status, Withdraw an Application, Check Received Application, Review and Approve/Reject Application
    -   [ ] Recommend Pet based on Questions
-   [x] Admin Side:
    -   [x] Users: List All, Check & Update User Details, Delete User
    -   [x] Pets: Show All Pet Profiles, Check Pet Profile Details, Update Pet Profile Details, Delete a Pet Profile
    -   [x] Animals: Show All Animals Profiles, Check Animal Profile Details, Update Animal Profile Details, Delete a Animal Profile
    -   [ ] Applications
        -   [ ] Show All Applications
        -   [ ] Show Approved Applications
        -   [ ] Show Pending Applications
        -   [ ] Show Rejected Applications
        -   [ ] Show Specific Application
        -   [ ] Update Application Status
        -   [ ] Check Application Score
    -   [ ] Adoption
    -   [x] Messages: List All, Display & Delete Message
-   [x] Backend
    -   [x] Get Address from GeoLocation
    -   [x] Find Pet Profiles Nearby
    -   [x] Analyzing Sentiment Value of Application
    -   [x] Auto Application Validation
    -   [x] Uploading Image for Recognition
    -   [x] Get Breed name from Image

## **TODO**

-   [ ] Improve Views for Application Pages
-   [ ] Add Question-based Recommendation System
-   [ ] Make filters functional for Find Pets Page

## **Bugs**

-   User Avatar updating is not working on Admin-side.
-   Find page not loading for first click when user is not logged in
